# origin_stamp_documentation

OriginStampDocumentation - JavaScript client for origin_stamp_documentation
The following documentation describes the API v3 for OriginStamp. OriginStamp is a trusted timestamping service that uses the decentralized blockchain to store anonymous, tamper-proof timestamps for any digital content. OriginStamp allows users to timestamp files, emails, or plain text, and subsequently store the created hashes in the blockchain as well as retrieve and verify timetamps that have been committed to the blockchain.The trusted timestamping service of OriginStamp allows you to generate a hash fingerprint and prove that it was created at a specific point in time. If you are interested in integrating trusted timestamping into your own project, feel free to use our provided API. The following interactive documentation describes the interfaces and supports your integration. With this documentation you are able to try out the different requests and see the responses. For the authorization, add your API key to the Authorization header of your request.<br/><h2>Pricing</h2><p>The invoice is based on your individual usage. The following table illustrates the request types, that are billed in credits.</p><table><tr><th>Request Type</th><th>Condition</th><th>Credits</th><tr><td style='border-bottom-style:solid; border-color: #c0c0c0;'></td><td style='border-bottom-style:solid; border-color: #c0c0c0;'></td><td style='border-bottom-style:solid; border-color: #c0c0c0;'></td><tr><th>Submission</th><th>create timestamp</th><th>1 Credit</th><tr><th>Submission</th><th>timestamp already exists</th><th>0.3 Credits</th><tr><th>Status</th><th>no timestamp information available</th><th>0.1 Credit</th><tr><th>Status</th><th>timestamp information</th><th>0.3 Credits</th><tr><th>Proof</th><th>no proof available</th><th>0.1 Credits</th><tr><th>Proof</th><th>merkle tree as proof</th><th>3 Credits</th><tr><th>Proof</th><th>seed as proof</th><th>3 Credits</th><tr><th>Proof</th><th>PDF Certificate</th><th>5 Credits</th><tr><th>Notification</th><th>webhook notification</th><th>1.5 Credits</th><tr><th>Notification</th><th>mail notification</th><th>5 Credits</th><tr><th>Notification</th><th>trigger webhook</th><th>0.3 Credits</th></table><br/><h2>Timestamping Steps</h2><ol><li><strong>Determine Hash: </strong> Calculate the SHA-256 of your record using a cryptographic library.</li><li><strong>Create Timestamp: </strong>Create a timestamp and add meta information to index it, e.g. a comment. You can also request a notification (email or webhook) once the tamper-proof timestamp has been created.</li><li><strong>Archive original file: </strong>Since we have no access to your original data, you should archive it because the timestamp is only valid in combination with the original file.</li><li><strong>Check Timestamp Status: </strong>Since the timestamps are always transmitted to the blockchain network at certain times, i.e. there is a delay, you can check the status of a hash and thus get the timestamp information.</li><li><strong>Get Timestamp Proof: </strong>As soon as the tamper-proof timestamp has been generated, you should archive the proof (Merkle Tree), which we created in our open procedure, together with the original file. With this proof, the existence of the file can be verified independently of OriginStamp. Here you can choose if the raw proof (xml) is sufficient proof or if you want to have a certificate (pdf).</li></ol><br/><h2>Installation Notes</h2><ul><li>Make sure you set the Authorization header correctly using your API key.</li><li>If a Cloudflare error occurs, please set a custom UserAgent header.</li><li>Please have a look at the models below to find out what each field means.</li></ul>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 3.0
- Package version: 3.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://originstamp.com](https://originstamp.com)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install origin_stamp_documentation --save
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing 
into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

Finally, switch to the directory you want to use your origin_stamp_documentation from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

You should now be able to `require('origin_stamp_documentation')` in javascript files from the directory you ran the last 
command above from.

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/origin_stamp_documentation
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install YOUR_USERNAME/origin_stamp_documentation --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file, that's to say your javascript file where you actually 
use this library):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var OriginStampDocumentation = require('origin_stamp_documentation');

var api = new OriginStampDocumentation.ProofApi()

var authorization = "authorization_example"; // {String} A valid API key is essential for authorization to handle the request.

var proofRequestUrl = new OriginStampDocumentation.ProofRequest(); // {ProofRequest} Information needed to return the proof.


var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getProof(authorization, proofRequestUrl, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.originstamp.org*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*OriginStampDocumentation.ProofApi* | [**getProof**](docs/ProofApi.md#getProof) | **POST** /v3/timestamp/proof/url | Proof
*OriginStampDocumentation.SchedulerApi* | [**getNextSchedulingTime**](docs/SchedulerApi.md#getNextSchedulingTime) | **POST** /v3/submission/times | Next schedule
*OriginStampDocumentation.TimestampApi* | [**createTimestamp**](docs/TimestampApi.md#createTimestamp) | **POST** /v3/timestamp/create | Submission
*OriginStampDocumentation.TimestampApi* | [**getApiKeyUsage**](docs/TimestampApi.md#getApiKeyUsage) | **GET** /v3/api_key/usage | Usage
*OriginStampDocumentation.TimestampApi* | [**getHashStatus**](docs/TimestampApi.md#getHashStatus) | **GET** /v3/timestamp/{hash_string} | Status
*OriginStampDocumentation.WebhookApi* | [**getWebhookStatus**](docs/WebhookApi.md#getWebhookStatus) | **POST** /v3/webhook/information | Webhook
*OriginStampDocumentation.WebhookApi* | [**registerWebhookNotification**](docs/WebhookApi.md#registerWebhookNotification) | **POST** /v3/webhook/register | Webhook
*OriginStampDocumentation.WebhookApi* | [**triggerTimestampWebhook**](docs/WebhookApi.md#triggerTimestampWebhook) | **POST** /v3/webhook/start | Dev


## Documentation for Models

 - [OriginStampDocumentation.DefaultDownloadLinkResponse](docs/DefaultDownloadLinkResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.DefaultSchedulerResponse](docs/DefaultSchedulerResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.DefaultTimestampResponse](docs/DefaultTimestampResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.DefaultUsageResponse](docs/DefaultUsageResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.DefaultWebhookResponse](docs/DefaultWebhookResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.DownloadLinkResponse](docs/DownloadLinkResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.ManualWebhookRequest](docs/ManualWebhookRequest.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.ModelDefault](docs/ModelDefault.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.Notification](docs/Notification.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.ProofRequest](docs/ProofRequest.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.SchedulerRequest](docs/SchedulerRequest.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.SchedulerResponse](docs/SchedulerResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.TimestampData](docs/TimestampData.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.TimestampRequest](docs/TimestampRequest.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.TimestampResponse](docs/TimestampResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.UsageResponse](docs/UsageResponse.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.WebhookRequest](docs/WebhookRequest.md)
 - [OriginStampDocumentation.WebhookResponse](docs/WebhookResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

